it's the witching hour and love is in
the air this time for wild cats but the
mail hasn't got an easy time ahead of
him although his lady cats in East hrus
she's giving him the runaround she's
very nervous of his amorous advances and
is torn between two instincts privacy
and procreation it could take a while
before the Tama cats unique charms win
her over he's also in a quandary he
desperately wants to mate but he's on
tender hooks he's cautious of her and
also worried that their tracting
attention
it's the white-tailed Mongoose fresh
from enjoying the Elephant done it
arrives first we might be a bit smelly
but he's not a problem
unlike the next visitor and they are
caracal
he's no stranger to the area he's the
father of the kittens now the gallant
suit has got a big problem his senses
are telling him to run but he doesn't
want to lose his heart's desire so
surprisingly he stands his ground and
his passion takes both him and the
caracal by surprise fresh from the fray
he can return to the tricky art of
courtship Wildcat style
you